Hello shopkeeper
Got it.
From tomorrow onwards, I will enter the night scene
You take care of the Dragon Emperor Palace on your behalf
But Dragon Emperor, I have made up my mind about your identity
No need to say more
What dad
You're going to find someone for me to chase after. I'm chilling.
I can't protect you for long
You need someone by your side to take care of you
What does he do then?
I don't know what to do
Is it the son of my old comrade?
I am my martial arts are very good
What's the use of good martial arts?
30,000 bucks to hire a bodyguard
300,000 can invite a group
That's different.
Ok stop talking
I am in charge of my marriage
Leave it alone.
Here he is, I tell you, you have a better temper
Xiaolong, you are here.
Come inside please